docs/installation.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Installation

Let's discover **Docusaurus in less than 5 minutes**.

## Getting Started

Get started by **creating a new site**.

Or **try Docusaurus immediately** with **[docusaurus.new](https://docusaurus.new)**.

### What you'll need this

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) version 16.14 or above:
  - When installing Node.js, you are recommended to check all checkboxes related to dependencies.

## Generate a new site

Generate a new Docusaurus site using the **classic template**.

The classic template will automatically be added to your project after you run the command:

```bash
npm init docusaurus@latest my-website classic
```

You can type this command into Command Prompt, Powershell, Terminal, or any other integrated terminal of your code editor.

The command also installs all necessary dependencies you need to run Docusaurus.

## Start your site

Run the development server:

```bash
cd my-website
npm run start
```

The `cd` command changes the directory you're working with. In order to work with your newly created Docusaurus site, you'll need to navigate the terminal there.

The `npm run start` command builds your website locally and serves it through a development server, ready for you to view at http://localhost:3000/.

Open `docs/intro.md` (this page) and edit some lines: the site **reloads automatically** and displays your changes.

Commit message:

update html section with content

docs/installation.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Installation

Web development have been built on 3 languages so far: HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

## Getting Started

Get started by **creating a new project on your laptop**.

Or **try CodePen** with **[codepen.io](https://codepen.io/kingzamzon/pen/ExeNwKz)**.

### What you'll need this

- [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) Browser:
  - Though you can use any choice browser.
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) is a code editor:
  - We using visual studio code cause of its make development faster with suggestion and autocompletion.

## Generate a new Project

Generate a new Project in your laptop by creating a folder, run the command:

```bash
mkdir html-tutorial
```

You can type this command into Command Prompt, Powershell, Terminal, or any other integrated terminal of your code editor.

## Start your site

Run the development server:

```bash
cd html-tutorial
```

The `cd` command changes the directory you're working with.

Open `target file` (this page) and edit some lines: the site **won't reloads automatically** and reload the page anytime changes are made.

## Web Browsers

The purpose of a web browser (Chrome, Edge, Firefox, Safari) is to read HTML documents and display them correctly.

A browser does not display the HTML tags, but uses them to determine how to display the document:

![Web Browser](./tutorial-html/img/webBrowser.png)
